Use joining techniques to discover the oldest businesses in the world.

Project Description
An essential part of business is planning for the future and ensuring that the business survives changing market conditions.

In this project, you'll explore data from BusinessFinancing.co.uk on the world's oldest businesses. You'll use joining and data manipulation techniques to answer 
questions about these historic businesses.

Guided Project

For Python:
Understand the factors that help a business be timeless by answering these questions:

What is the oldest business on each continent? Save your answer as a DataFrame called oldest_business_continent with four columns: continent, country, business, 
and year_founded in any order.

How many countries per continent lack data on the oldest businesses? Does including new_businesses change this? Count the number of countries per continent missing 
business data, including new_businesses, and store the results in a DataFrame named count_missing with columns for the continent and the count.

Which business categories are best suited to last many years, and on what continent are they? Create a DataFrame called oldest_by_continent_category that stores the 
oldest founding year for each continent and category combination. It should contain three columns: continent, category, and year_founded, in that order.

Staffelter Hof Winery is Germany's oldest business, established in 862 under the Carolingian dynasty. It has continued to serve customers through dramatic changes 
in Europe, such as the Holy Roman Empire, the Ottoman Empire, and both world wars. What characteristics enable a business to stand the test of time?

To help answer this question, BusinessFinancing.co.uk researched the oldest company still in business in almost every country and compiled the results into several 
CSV files. This dataset has been cleaned.

Having useful information in different files is a common problem. While it's better to keep different types of data separate for data storage, you'll want all the 
data in one place for analysis. You'll use joining and data manipulation to work with this data and better understand the world's oldest businesses.

The Data
data/businesses.csv and data/new_businesses.csv

Column	Description
business	Name of the business (varchar)
year_founded	Year the business was founded (int)
category_code	Code for the business category (varchar)
country_code	ISO 3166-1 three-letter country code (char)
data/countries.csv

Column	Description
country_code	ISO 3166-1 three-letter country code (varchar)
country	Name of the country (varchar)
continent	Name of the continent the country exists in (varchar)
data/categories.csv

Column	Description
category_code	Code for the business category (varchar)
category	Description of the business category (varchar)