Define functions to catch errors when new users register for an app!


Project Description
You are a junior developer working on a registration system for a mobile app at a small startup. The product managers have asked you to improve the current sign-up 
flow by integrating reusable Python functions that validate user input entered into the form.

Your task is to integrate these validation functions to approve or reject sign-up attempts before account creation. Together, these existing validation functions 
and the new registration functions you will build will significantly improve the robustness and quality of the sign-up process, enhancing onboarding for thousands 
of app users.


Create a validate_user() function, using some helper validation functions to validate user input.

The function should take in the parameters: name, email and password.
The function should call each of the helper validation functions and raise a ValueError with a descriptive error message if any of the inputs fail validation.
If all of the checks pass, the function should return a Boolean value of True.
Now that you've validated that all the user details are correct, you want to allow users to register to the app. Create a register_user() function that registers 
the user if all checks pass.

The function should take in the parameters: name, email and password.
The function should call validate_user() to ensure that the user input is valid.
If all checks pass, the function should create a dictionary with the keys: name, email, password.
The function should return the new user dictionary, or the boolean value of False.

You are a junior developer working in a small start-up. Your managers have asked you to develop a new account registration system for a mobile app. The system must 
validate user input on the sign-up form before creating an account.

The previous junior developer wrote some helper functions that validate the name, email, and password. Use these functions to register users, store their data, 
and implement some error handling! These have been imported into the workspace for you. They will be a great help to you when registering the user, but first you 
have to understand what the function does! Inspect the docstrings of each of the helper functions: validate_name, validate_email and validate_password.

