Get up to speed with notebook based projects. This will prepare you for your first Python, SQL & R projects.

Project Description
This introductory project will take you through how to work with DataLab notebooks and how to use these to solve DataCamp projects. You will learn about notebooks and 
cells and how to use these to solve the problems in our Python, SQL & R projects. You'll soon be ready to tackle your first real notebook based project!

Welcome to your first notebook based project!

Projects allow you to practice and apply the skills you've learned in the DataCamp courses. In each project you will need to craft your own solution to a real-world 
task, using real-world tools and workflows.

The exception is this project, which is just an introduction to the DataCamp notebook project interface.

This project utilizes a data notebook (made by DataLab). Notebooks provide an interactive environment to perform data analysis, machine learning and other 
computational tasks. There are many notebook providers and getting familiar with them will help you prepare for real work.

Take a look at the provided notebook. It will guide you through using notebooks in DataCamp projects. By the end you’ll be ready for your first real notebook based 
project. Good luck!

Introducing notebooks
Notebooks are a widely used industry tool that make it easy to do data work.

A notebook is a document for keeping and running code, including SQL, R & Python. This introductory project will focus on SQL.

Making use of cells
Notebooks are made up of cells. There are several types of cells, including text, code & SQL cells.

We will focus on SQL and text cells in this introduction.

The text you're reading now is all part of a text cell. We've used it to write this guide for you.

Text cells are used to make the notebook readable, to add explanations, comments and document important details. This makes it easier for other people to read the 
notebook.
SQL cells
As this is a SQL project we'll focus on SQL cells. SQL cells are how you will connect to databases (and sometimes even text files 🤯) to run your SQL code. 
All the credentials are already set up so you can focus on writing SQL.

sql cell When you run a SQL cell it can return a DataFrame. A DataFrame is like a temporary table holding the results of the SQL query. Each DataFrame has a name, 
which can be edited. We run tests on the Dataframe to see if your query is correct.



