Implement retrieval augmented generation (RAG) with LangChain to create a chatbot for answering questions about technical documentation.

Project Description
You'll create a context-aware chatbot by integrating a car manual with an LLM using LangChain and Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG). The goal is to create a car 
assistant that can explain dashboard warnings and recommend actions while driving. Say goodbye to boring manuals!

The car manual HTML document has been loaded for you as car_docs. Using Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG), answer the user query:

"The Gasoline Particular Filter Full warning has appeared. What does this mean and what should I do about it?"

Store the answer to the user query in the variable answer.

You're working for a well-known car manufacturer who is looking at implementing LLMs into vehicles to provide guidance to drivers. You've been asked to experiment with integrating car manuals with an LLM to create a context-aware chatbot. They hope that this context-aware LLM can be hooked up to a text-to-speech software to read the model's response aloud.

As a proof of concept, you'll integrate several pages from a car manual that contains car warning messages and their meanings and recommended actions. This particular 
manual, stored as an HTML file, mg-zs-warning-messages.html, is from an MG ZS, a compact SUV. Armed with your newfound knowledge of LLMs and LangChain, you'll 
implement Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) to create the context-aware chatbot.

Before you start
In order to complete the project you will need to create a developer account with OpenAI and store your API key as a secure environment variable. 
Instructions for these steps are outlined below.

Create a developer account with OpenAI
Go to the API signup page.

Create your account (you'll need to provide your email address and your phone number).

Go to the API keys page.

Create a new secret key.

Image from the file system
Take a copy of it. (If you lose it, delete the key and create a new one.)
Add a payment method
OpenAI sometimes provides free credits for the API, but this can vary depending on geography. You may need to add debit/credit card details.

This project should cost less than 1 US cents with GPT-3.5-Turbo (but if you rerun tasks, you will be charged every time).

Go to the Payment Methods page.

Click Add payment method.

Image from the file system
Fill in your card details.
Add an environmental variable with your OpenAI key
In the workbook, click on "Environment," in the top toolbar and select "Environment variables".

Click "Add" to add environment variables.

In the "Name" field, type "OPENAI_API_KEY". In the "Value" field, paste in your secret key.

Image from the file system
Click "Create", then you'll see the following pop-up window. Click "Connect," then wait 5-10 seconds for the kernel to restart, or restart it manually in the Run menu.
Image from the file system
Update to Python 3.10
Due to how frequently the libraries required for this project are updated, you'll need to update your environment to Python 3.10:

In the workbook, click on "Environment," in the top toolbar and select "Session details".

In the workbook language dropdown, select "Python 3.10".

Click "Confirm" and hit "Done" once the session is ready.