Derive insights about motorcycle part sales over time across multiple warehouse sites!

Project Description
Working on behalf of a company that sells motorcycle parts, you'll dig into their data to help them understand their revenue streams. You'll build up a query to 
find out how much net revenue they are generating across their product lines, segregating by date and warehouse.


Find out how much Wholesale net revenue each product_line generated per month per warehouse in the dataset.

The query should be saved as revenue_by_product_line using the SQL cell provided, and contain the following:
product_line,
month: displayed as 'June', 'July', and 'August',
warehouse, and
net_revenue: the sum of total minus the sum of payment_fee.
The results should be sorted by product_line and month, followed by net_revenue in descending order.
Note: Please also ensure that you do not change the name of the DataFrame that the query result will be saved as - creating new cells in the workbook will produce a 
DataFrame with a different name. Make sure that your final solution uses the names provided: revenue_by_product_line (see image below).

You're working for a company that sells motorcycle parts, and they've asked for some help in analyzing their sales data!

They operate three warehouses in the area, selling both retail and wholesale. They offer a variety of parts and accept credit cards, cash, and bank transfer as 
payment methods. However, each payment type incurs a different fee.

The board of directors wants to gain a better understanding of wholesale revenue by product line, and how this varies month-to-month and across warehouses. 
You have been tasked with calculating net revenue for each product line and grouping results by month and warehouse. The results should be filtered so that only 
"Wholesale" orders are included.

They have provided you with access to their database, which contains the following table called sales:

Sales
Column	Data type	Description
order_number	VARCHAR	Unique order number.
date	DATE	Date of the order, from June to August 2021.
warehouse	VARCHAR	The warehouse that the order was made from— North, Central, or West.
client_type	VARCHAR	Whether the order was Retail or Wholesale.
product_line	VARCHAR	Type of product ordered.
quantity	INT	Number of products ordered.
unit_price	FLOAT	Price per product (dollars).
total	FLOAT	Total price of the order (dollars).
payment	VARCHAR	Payment method—Credit card, Transfer, or Cash.
payment_fee	FLOAT	Percentage of total charged as a result of the payment method.
Your query output should be presented in the following format:

product_line	month	warehouse	net_revenue
product_one	---	---	---
product_one	---	---	---
product_one	---	---	---
product_one	---	---	---
product_one	---	---	---
product_one	---	---	---
product_two	---	---	---
...	...	...	...



