dentify issues in a manufacturing process using SQL window functions and subqueries

Project Description
Manufacturing processes vary, and ensuring consistent quality requires careful monitoring and adjustment. Sometimes, the adjustments can be too extreme and may have 
the opposite effect, reducing quality. Apply SQL window functions, partitioning and summary statistics to manufacturing data to identify if any adjustments were wrong 
for the company.

Analyze the manufacturing_parts table and determine whether the manufacturing process is performing within acceptable control limits:.

Create an alert that flags whether the height of a product is within the control limits for each operator using the formulas provided in the workbook.
The final query should return the following fields: operator, row_number, height, avg_height, stddev_height, ucl, lcl, alert, and be ordered by the item_no.
The alert column will be your boolean flag.
Use a window function of length 5 to calculate the control limits, considering rows up to and including the current row; incomplete windows should be excluded from 
the final query output. Save this DataFrame as alerts.
Note: Creating new cells in the workbook will rename the DataFrame. Make sure that your final solution uses the name provided: alerts. 

Manufacturing processes for any product is like putting together a puzzle. Products are pieced together step by step, and keeping a close eye on the process is 
important.

For this project, you're supporting a team that wants to improve how they monitor and control a manufacturing process. The goal is to implement a more methodical 
approach known as statistical process control (SPC). SPC is an established strategy that uses data to determine whether the process works well. Processes are only 
adjusted if measurements fall outside of an acceptable range.

This acceptable range is defined by an upper control limit (UCL) and a lower control limit (LCL), the formulas for which are:

 

 

The UCL defines the highest acceptable height for the parts, while the LCL defines the lowest acceptable height for the parts. Ideally, parts should fall between the 
two limits.

Using SQL window functions and nested queries, you'll analyze historical manufacturing data to define this acceptable range and identify any points in the process 
that fall outside of the range and therefore require adjustments. This will ensure a smooth running manufacturing process consistently making high-quality products.

The data
The data is available in the manufacturing_parts table which has the following fields:

item_no: the item number
length: the length of the item made
width: the width of the item made
height: the height of the item made
operator: the operating machine